1. Who was your imaginary client? How did they describe their site needs?

Last week I created a fake company to base my mock site around, and when I saw that the next assignment was an actual site, I decided to just build off the one I already started. So, my client is the owner of a cafe and spa that specializes in cocoa-based products, called Cocoa Bean & Butter. The fake client's fake demands revolve around a warm theme involving tans and browns that will match their logo. They want a main page that frames one of their most popular cocoa beverages and provides a noticeable link to the online shop of their products. Alongside that, they want other pages that match the main page's aesthetic, providing contact info, booking and event info, and info about the company. Because they have such an interest in cocoa and cocoa products, they want to include info of the history of some of their main products; they also like to promote other businesses similar to theirs, and want a link that can be updated with a link to another business similar to theirs.

2. What is the difference between display: block, display: inline, and display: inline-block?

The inline rule is a display rule that forces elements to act like inline elements, whether they are one or not. The block-inline rule is similar, but also forces elements to respect the margins and rules of vertical placement. Block can force elements to become block elements and is often used when making menus.

3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.

As mentioned above, I decided to add onto the site I started last week. So, the first thing I did was make any changes to the main page, now a home page alongside three other content pages, that I felt needed to be done. I ended up not liking the fonts I chose for last week, so I picked new ones, and I fixed some formatting issues; I also created a more advanced menu, and included links to the other pages.

Each page had the same general layout and all had the same header, except with different names, so that's what I worked on first for each page. Then I moved onto the About the Business page; I wanted this and the contact page to be fairly simple, so not much styling was involved. From the about page, I moved to the product page. I made a little filler-text blurb that would be about event services the business provided, and would have included another link to the contact page, where the booking form would be added later. Then I added a gallery of six products with placeholder images and text. Finally, I went to the contact page and split it in half; the left side was a form for booking events and the other side was a form to contact the business.
